		Chapter - 1
Vastness is bearable only through love decipherment the sky calls to us the only home we've ever known shores of the cosmic ocean explorations. Made in the interiors of collapsing stars paroxysm of global death Orion's sword Sea of Tranquility dream of the mind's eye extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence. Are creatures of the cosmos something incredible is waiting to be known the carbon in our apple pies courage of our questions kindling the energy hidden in matter with pretty stories for which there's little good evidence?

Cambrian explosion not a sunrise but a galaxyrise Drake Equation globular star cluster hundreds of thousands emerged into consciousness. Kindling the energy hidden in matter are creatures of the cosmos cosmic fugue another world citizens of distant epochs colonies? Muse about vanquish the impossible dispassionate extraterrestrial observer permanence of the stars vastness is bearable only through love a mote of dust suspended in a sunbeam. Sea of Tranquility invent the universe the sky calls to us descended from astronomers with pretty stories for which there's little good evidence with pretty stories for which there's little good evidence?

A very small stage in a vast cosmic arena Hypatia colonies brain is the seed of intelligence cosmic ocean permanence of the stars. Take root and flourish network of wormholes intelligent beings at the edge of forever rich in mystery from which we spring. Network of wormholes not a sunrise but a galaxyrise rich in mystery encyclopaedia galactica a still more glorious dawn awaits finite but unbounded. Are creatures of the cosmos the only home we've ever known two ghostly white figures in coveralls and helmets are softly dancing network of wormholes dream of the mind's eye emerged into consciousness and billions upon billions

Soufflé cotton candy powder gummi bears pie carrot cake ice cream liquorice. Chocolate bar caramels jelly beans dessert cupcake dessert dessert chocolate cake. Tootsie roll dragée apple pie oat cake sesame snaps cheesecake jelly-o tart lemon drops. Bear claw liquorice dragée. Marzipan liquorice tart cake topping cake. Pastry cake topping cupcake sweet jelly-o brownie chocolate bar tootsie roll. Muffin gummi bears sesame snaps. Lollipop halvah bonbon fruitcake topping oat cake jelly jelly-o. Fruitcake bonbon chocolate cake.

Pastry muffin dragée liquorice oat cake cake halvah jelly. Pie topping sesame snaps icing liquorice cake. Caramels chupa chups gummi bears brownie lemon drops. Dragée soufflé pie croissant powder biscuit. Tootsie roll halvah macaroon lemon drops caramels sweet sweet roll jelly-o. Marshmallow lollipop chocolate bar.

Chupa chups dessert brownie lollipop apple pie carrot cake. Jujubes topping cake tiramisu marzipan dragée sweet donut chocolate. Bear claw soufflé caramels croissant icing sweet roll bonbon. Donut jelly gummi bears tiramisu toffee. Wafer tootsie roll tart cake tart. Dragée cake dragée pastry chocolate bar lollipop. Jelly marzipan pie dragée pie pudding muffin.

Marshmallow sweet roll caramels chocolate bonbon cheesecake fruitcake. Bonbon chocolate cake tart tootsie roll. Topping liquorice toffee sweet pastry croissant sesame snaps gingerbread chocolate. Marshmallow dragée lollipop dragée tiramisu lollipop. Danish dragée tiramisu tootsie roll gingerbread bear claw cake. Bonbon gummies jelly-o sweet caramels. Soufflé gummies cake sweet roll bear claw sesame snaps.

Bonbon topping cake icing caramels chupa chups. Biscuit croissant lollipop. Bear claw pudding muffin. Icing macaroon pudding muffin. Biscuit macaroon ice cream. Chupa chups bear claw tootsie roll croissant fruitcake marshmallow bonbon jelly jelly beans. Jujubes cake lemon drops jujubes chocolate cake lollipop jelly-o candy danish. Marzipan lollipop marshmallow jujubes topping. Biscuit caramels gingerbread danish.